2250 The StoryLinePandemic. Panic. Procrastination. The triple p has enslaved the main character, Joe Guadilipo, against an ever-ominous fate of starvation. Joe and the panic from the surrounding population of Earthopia, earth’s distant cousin, has left him in a situation where he must find life in these dark times. Global leaders spoke highly of a secret map for the remaining humanoids left on Earthopia to uncover to gift life to those in the dark. The clues uncovered in this destroyed map reveal hidden treasure of life necessities to get through a global pandemic. The world has been sick for about a year now. The food supplies, hunting gear, and dignity all have run out. This is a survival of the fittest. As the humanoids drop dead like flies to a sickening virus, Joe must find food and utilities to survive. If unable to find the clues to piece together the map to everlasting life beyond pandemic, Joe will lead a future that leads nowhere but to death. It all began with his mother. Ventresca Guadilipo gives Joe a phone call; the call was short and sweet. ‘Listen Joe, this is no joke. The world is falling to pieces… Oh my goodness Jam? JIM? Jim? Joe. *COUGH COUGH* OH MY god I think I’m dying.” Joe hung up before his mother professed her love for him. A travesty of the finest order. Joe left for a soloist lifestyle. The days turned to weeks… just run he told himself. After exhausting his chocolate bars, waters bottles, and beers he decided that there was nothing more he could live off of. But then…Through a clearing of the trees there was a house. A letter. A flashlight. A gun. This was Joe’s moment of salvation. It was in that house that he prepared to find this sacred map. Scattered letters were found around the house and indicated food for a life time, riches upon riches, weapons, security, all the good stuff. Joe now had a sense of where to go and what’s steps he must take to piece together the sacred map.Joe faces an uphill battle. Fighting off starved, sickened humanoids in his way. Joe must run through mazes to find piece of this sacred map, traverse through dungeons, forests all in the uncomfortable dark. Darkness is all-over but can Joe make it to the light, the prize, the treasure. Join Joe on a thrilling look into a world of defeat and darkness in search of life, the light. The game will test the human psyche. Jump in, or forever be lost in the darkness.